This is a head-gum original.
Lighting on sleek dimples adorning my cheeks.
All four
Jesus Christ.
That like all four F-O-R, all four of us F-O-U-R.
It was all four of us F-O-R.
Four of us F-O-R.
She sang dimples.
Oh, I was wrong at both accounts.
Yeah.
No, my new apartment has great lighting.
And I don't know if you guys know this, but a big part of your appearance is the light that you're in.
Right? So, you know, I used to record from a basement.
And I looked like garbage.
And now I'm like, the kind of feeling myself in a way.
I haven't shaved in a while, but also my hair's a little dry.
Yeah, something's in my teeth.
You don't look any different.
We've got a stacked cast today.
We've got Kalimori, already.
I'm your blue and filled.
Marika Brownlee and making her head-gum podcast debut is English provo.
Oh, no.
It's not provo, man.
Yeah.
No.
We don't work together at all.
So, this is all taken from a...
English prevo.
There you go.
On wordle, you'd be like, close, but it would still be one letter left to get right.
But no, it's sick of that.
You could have played it off as like, knowing English lived in Utah.
Cause provo's a place in front of it.
Yeah.
I'm...
I had...
I was going to do an entire segment about English being in Utah.
And so...
Well, there's five years, let me clarify that.
Oh, you did actually live in provo.
Yeah.
I didn't live in provo.
I lived in Salt Lake.
Okay.
So you didn't live in...
Tapped?
Okay.
Like she said, Salt Lake City.
Salt Lake City?
Yeah.
It wasn't...
Altta?
Anything.
Other...
Pents Salt Lake.
Asked it out.
It answered.
It wasn't tapped.
No, she said no.
And everything.
We're doing this.
I'm going to go get my medication that I forgot to take.
Was it dry?
That's a good call.
Is that going for a beer?
And it wasn't tool.
Do you have a mouth out with Utah right now?
We did a sketch once where it was like...
I was guessing...
What was it?
It was pictionary and Riley drew a picture of an apple.
And I'm like, oh, is it...
Is it...
Is it Ogden?
Is it Ogden Utah?
Or Ogden?
Is it tapped?
Is it West Jordan?
So that's a deep cut for the...
The listeners.
English...
What do you want people to know about you?
You and I barely know each other if it all.
Yeah.
We might add the opposite.
No, it's kind of a...
Yeah.
You live in work in New York.
I'm in Brooklyn.
Who's T-Bringing?
I'm on the marketing team.
And Kaylee, you said you're having a terrible day.
Grant.
Thank you.
I want her.
It's like multiplying negatives.
If this will turn the day around.
And it is...
We should say 4pm your time, 430.
So your work is basically over.
Check in with me at the end of this.
And I'll let you know.
Okay.
I said, what's it going to be?
What?
You just sent something that somebody canceled your order or something.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Go AC.
I mean...
Oh no.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Okay.
I like an explain this.
Yeah.
You should have come in if you did.
Oh, you don't think I yelled at them in this email.
It's only more about that.
Hey, is this Danish interior design company that I love?
And many of us do.
And so we ordered all these really awesome things for the office back in June.
We still haven't gotten it, and after repeated attempts to get in contact with them, they
finally emailed me back and said, most of our orders out of stock.
And so I really went into them.
Those dames better fucking watch out cause I'm not in the mood.
I just want to call them.
Oh, oh.
Greats for our death.
I wanted to be a little star in it.
I was so fine.
I was tired crying.
In rage.
You put out too.
You were like me.
I say crime. I'm crunched. What? What? People have recently told me that I like pronounce my
sewers with like, and you just did it. That means nothing. What are you talking about?
What's the internet way of saying crime? Crying.
Marika, say crime. Crying. Yeah, yeah, that's the normal way. I don't hear a difference.
My point is that, Kayla, you and I are like, oh, positive. You know, I'm actually a negative, but yeah.
Right. Here's my difference at all. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, that was easy.
Um, still got it. I figured we'd skip bond of the week this week. I mean, like, right?
Yeah. Why? It's a good idea, actually. So,
do you guys have any bond of the bonds of the week? English, this is a segment where we love up our
casting choices for the next James. Um, gender neutral. Ideally white one. But um,
yeah, it's like what we can get. Mine's not going to fly that. Again, just based on the fact that I
currently have a photo of him open for some reason. Yeah. I'm going to go Winston Duke. Who's that?
Um, he's a Baku from Black Panther. Oh, yeah. It's like really stat pretty hot. That's that. Yeah.
Wasn't he in, uh, get us as well? Yes, you both. Oh, wow. Is he British?
I don't think so. He's a gorgeous man. Yeah. Yeah. I bet that's nice. Thank you. Yeah, sure.
Uh, uh, I thought you meant Clark Duke, which is my choice, but thanks for stepping on it.
It's really funny because mine is Clark Abel. That's also really good. He is dead, but uh, I want to
reverse and zombie Clark Gable. Um, this is, I, you know, I'm just going to make this my pick.
Um, Clark Duke is my bond of the week. And if you guys don't know his name, you know his face.
Oh, sure. Yeah. He was in Greek. One of my favorite shows of all time. Yeah. It's time for a, um,
a fine bond. Like someone who could, should be a CPA, but instead they work for the
C-I-F-B-I. Um, like we're armed IRS agents. Yeah. IRS agents carry heat.
Some of them do in financial crimes. Have you not been paying attention to politics lately? It's a whole thing.
The Mara logo thing or what? Not that, but that witch hunt. Yeah. Yeah. We don't need to get into it.
Um, English, I, I, I brush past you introducing yourself to me in the audience. What,
what do you want everyone to know, including me? Uh, I'm the lead graphic designer for
headcom and yeah, I work with Kayla and Marika and we are a powerhouse.
Yeah. Did you work on the pit wall art? I did not. I think that was great. It was a
grace and in me. Yeah. Grace and started at that finish. It was good. Do you have any,
thank you. Do you have any notes or concerns, Jeff? Uh, I thought it was great. I think the,
I have a question. May I ask you? Why did you choose Casey to be the center? I love Casey,
but I'm just curious. I didn't choose that it was, uh, I basically grace and hand it the files up
to me, but I would say probably because he's the lead producer. So I kind of, uh, pushed him into
being also the host. Love that. And that's like, is that friend? Also just serves the alignment.
Yeah. I'm sorry to bring it up again, but also like ethically, it's symmetrical.
I literally said the same thing to me. Yeah. So it just, it does look good. Yeah. Uh,
I love ethnic symmetry too. It's important. What's that? Ethnicly, um, symmetrical. You said,
it's, it's nice. That way to have it. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. The more you talk about it,
the more awkward it gets. For sure. And that's why I'm conversationaly to the next topic. I'm like,
sorry, I get kind of nervous around English, it's all. Why?
Just because she could technically and ethnically fire me. English, now's the perfect time to ask for
it is. You can't say no in this form. I'm not responsible for that, but yeah, I'll talk to somebody.
115k, um, four weeks paid vacation. I'm totally in unlimited. We've been on the video.
How about, uh, my team and a senior in the title and suddenly.
In a house in Santa Rosa. I had some talking points. First of all, gold tone jewelry versus silver
I used to be adamantly silver, and I've embraced gold recently. Not from my wedding band.
I was silver in my loving. Yeah. I was also adamantly silver in high school and then switched to gold.
I like can I know where gold jewelry is. So, I don't know why I'm commenting.
Man, make an announcement. I'm doing my cartilage pierced on Friday with a gold earring.
Wow. That's exciting. Add upon what magic. I don't know. Hold a trigger.
She decided yesterday in the office and I did appointment on the spot. Cartilage is your top of
the ear. You're right. I'm not thinking of like something else. Yeah. That's really big for me,
because I only have regular ear piercings and that's it. I'm not cool, but I'm trying to get cooler.
She decided yesterday in the office. Don't do that. Not one here. Not a free damage. That's my
really good pressure. That's really good, actually. You're going for an impression. It's pretty
spot on. Somebody commented on the pit wall thing saying Marika has spoiled child energy.
I'm like Marika works harder than anyone in the company. I can't stop thinking about this. I will talk
to my therapist about it. I know that it's not true. It's not true. It's not true and I know that,
but I'm like, what do they think that is? Yeah. What defines that on a F1 podcast? Well,
I mean not to get too into it, but they were talking about Lando Norris and I fully understand
that with his personality. Okay. That's fair. That's fair. Well, child energy. Yeah.
And it's shocking that you like Lando for the read that reason. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I think he's fun.
I think he's like a good character. Like in the same way, Chris, I like Christian Horner as a character.
Yeah. He's like a villain. I like Lando Carey scene. Is that? That's just, um, that's just
less spoiled energy. I don't know how they not seen any Star Wars. I don't know. Less than Norris.
So Goldton jewelry seems to be the trend. I could I ask because I've been sort of transitioning
into the gold of it all. This isn't real gold, but it's such a tight band. You're talking about
it look like your wrist is being pinched. My hand is purple. I saw a TikTok recently. This isn't
that interesting. But I thought it was kind of cool that I guess like a lot of the big jewelry
companies are like the director consumer jewelry companies are pretty cheap gold stuff, but you
can get like gold-filled jewelry on Etsy pretty easily. Never do that. That was crazy.
This isn't that interesting. Then don't say it. I mean, isn't that a major killer usually?
Yeah. But I was like, like, you should live by that.
Can't make many of this episode anywhere. How does take pizza topping and don't say pineapple, right?
Like, like, or we don't like, yeah. Like something you like that might be controversial,
you know, when I say pineapple, but say pineapple and onion together. Oh.
I think you can, right? I think you can say it. I mean, the free speech.
That's fine. Exactly. I'm not mad at you for bringing that up. I disagree with the idea of
E. Yeah. I disagree with my other one too, which is black olives. Yeah. But I'll fight for your
writing. I'm proud. I'm proud. I'm proud. I'm proud of you with a group of people, like in the
pizza rea, you know, winter comes by. And then you say, I'll order for the table pineapple and onion.
It would never do that. Everyone on board, right? I'm the person at a pizza place that's so
stressed out about like everyone else ordering meat pizzas and then me wanting an equal amount of
pizza that I can eat that I like, I have to take over and plot everything for everyone. I saw that
except I have to gluten free or I'll die. So I have to make sure that we're going. It's something
I can have now. Can you throw or anti-black olives? Uh, there are my favorite but I'll eat them on a
pizza. Uh, my hot take thing that I like would be, I like eggplants on pizza. That's a great hot
taste. Good eggplants. Yeah. Yeah. I've never even heard of that. Uh, there's a place called
for Nino's in green point. It's an Italian flat but do them gluten free stuff. Yeah. And they do an eggplant,
veggie thing. I don't know if this is a hot take pizza topping but I'm going to say hot honey.
I love hot honey. Why, let me finish with wine.
Like hot honey wine. Oh, you like like a hot meat. I'm dunking it in. It's like gluten free dough.
So you wish can have it. Okay. tomato sauce.
Four cheese blend. Hot honey. It's fine. Okay. I'm sorry. I like the wine. I like the wine. Yeah. What kind of
wine? I'll only care about is the wine. Are you talking about having it with wine or put wine on
then like imagine we're at polinesis. Okay, we're at polinesis in green point.
Fantastic. Okay. Right. Amazing marinara. Three to four different cheeses. This is all going
to go into a wood fire oven hot honey wine. Put it in the oven. I just like you're insulated hot honey.
Is that honey and wine like mixed together as a sauce or are you pouring? I've never
heard of the never heard of hot honey wine. You see putting up a bottle of honey wine into the
wood fire oven next to the pizza. I was the construction of this. Yeah. I feel like I've built
it my own four you guys twice. Here I go three times thin crust unbelievable marinara.
Four to five cheeses. Yeah. Hot honey drizzled on top. I don't know any one can say no to that.
Wine into the oven. I just can you just slow down on the white part. What are we talking about?
That's the last thing. This is like a reduction. Is it a reduction in wine into the oven? No,
you're not putting. Sorry. Can we put a break and like take an actual break? Like not like one of
those quick half breaks. Like I need a commercial to unwind from this conversation. It's
poisonous. It's really good. Yeah. All right. We'll be right back, I guess.
Guys lately I've been listening to this great podcast called Mother Country Radicals.
It's about the weatherman underground in the 1960s and early 70s. It's very interesting actually
and one reason why it's been interesting and great to listen to is because I've been listening
on my neighborhood walks on my Raycon wireless earbuds. Raycon's everyday earbuds look
feel and sound better than ever with optimized gel tips for the perfect in your fit. Raycon
earbuds are so comfortable and they will not budge trust me. I've been like jogging with them.
I don't know why I've started jogging but they do not fall. Like other wireless earbuds often
do. Raycon's offer three sound profiles to match what you're listening to. Plus offer noise isolation
and awareness mode so you can choose to be immersed in sound or be able to hear your surroundings
when you need to so you don't get run over by a car. I've used Raycon and I've also used the
other leading wireless brand and Raycon just offers an overall much better experience. I've been
recommending them to all my friends. They're also much cheaper than a lot of the other options
and they sound just as good if not better. Raycon's give you eight hours of playtime in a 32-hour
battery life and then when you need to charge it super easily you can even do it wirelessly.
And this is a huge selling point with Raycon's you get the same audio quality again as other
premium audio brands but at half the price and it's no wonder why Raycon's everyday earbuds
have over 49,000 5 star reviews. So check out Raycon's wireless earbuds. My guess is that you're going
to leave them a 5 star review as well. So go to buy Raycon.com slash what's that today to get 15
percent off your Raycon order. Again, that's buy Raycon.com slash what's that to score 15 percent off.
Again, buy Raycon.com slash what's that? Thanks Raycon. Now a word for my sponsor better help.
Guys the seasons are changing right and that with it comes a lot of transitions a lot of
chains and it can be tough. You know to train your brain to stay in problem solving mode
when facing any challenge in life. But when you learn how to find your own solution,
there's no better feeling. And a therapist can help you become a better problem solver making it
easier to accomplish your goals no matter how big or small. I go to therapy once a week.
Absolutely necessary staple in my life. It makes me a better person. Helps me show up for other
people in my life as the best version of myself. I can be. I highly recommend it if you have the
resources. I think everyone should be in therapy. Even on weeks where I don't feel like I need it.
I always find something to talk about and leave the session feeling better.
It's, you know, I wanted to try therapy because I was in a tough spot, but you don't even need to
be in a tough spot to start up with therapy because then you can build a rapport with your therapist.
And then when the tough stuff hits, you already have that rapport. She already knows you.
So if you're thinking of giving therapy a try, better help is an amazing option. It's convenient,
accessible, affordable, and entirely online. And you can get matched with a therapist after filling out
a brief survey and switch therapists at any time. So when you want to be a better problem solver,
therapy can get you there. So visit better help.com slash what's that to get 10% off your first
month. Again, that's better help. HELP dot com slash what's that? Thanks, better help.
All right, this is my real idea that I wanted to run by you guys dessert pasta.
Okay, I don't need to. So pasta dough, you make the pasta dough as normal.
And then you add some vanilla extract and some brown sugar or just normal sugar. I don't know which
would work better. You press out the pasta. You boil it. And then you make separately a Nutella sauce.
Toss the noodles with the Nutella sauce, which is basically the taste of hazelnut chocolate,
but thinner. And then the meatballs are Ferro Roche's. And then the Parmesan is grated hazelnuts.
It was grated cheese. I thought that it was going to be like a pretty loose concept,
but you're just pitching a dish. Yeah, you've just jumped it. Tomato sauce is kind of sweet. So
like it doesn't, it's not actually wrong to do that. And it's like peanut butter and jelly exists.
So I can get peanut butter and jelly, but instead of on bread on pasta. I think I worried about the
consistency of the pasta with brown sugar. Okay, so my biggest hang up is the noodle part of it.
Yeah, you should be putting a little bit of brown sugar in your tomato sauce to really bring out the flavor
of the tomato sauce. Wow. Okay, yeah. Hot taste wise, but like the consistency of the pasta,
that's the thing I'm worried about. This is also the only positive note that's like trying to help
me out. Everyone else is like that sounds disgusting. Nobody said that.
No, he means his like every people he's told. Everyone else I've told in real life.
This is a dish that I'm going to make on Labor Day, I think. Seems heavy for 108 degree
Barney. You actually just can I pitch kind of an alt for this. Can you say it for the end?
What for the end of one? This is a perfect conversation extended. Yes, yes, I just picked it.
One, can you just say what you want? Have you seen, have you seen like, um,
I feel like fried ravioli, that kind of thing. Sounds awesome. I just did a St. Louis special. It's really good.
Pan fried or you're just dropping the ravioli like it's not breaded. You're just dropping it into a
fryer. So you could bread it. You could bread it. But going off of that and the fact that like the noodles,
like are the pasta dough gets bubbly and crunchy. In my case, you could do little noki instead of
there, which we could do. Or sweet potato noki is just like basically. Yeah, or like a pumpkin milk.
Yeah, we almost like a sweet pumpkin pine. Yeah, we instead of like cheese. It's like slough for
marshmallows, something like brown butter and sweet. And I only want to do the Nutella,
Linguini with the Ferraro-Shameet balls. I was okay. Here's your sous-lasagna.
Basically, I was going to say instead of mixing the sugar and the vanilla into the dough,
you can do it like how you make a cinnamon roll and like roll it. So it's like striped through
and then fry it and then do all your other shit that you want to do. What if you make like
tagliatella to like a phyllo dough and then do like melted butter and cinnamon sugar? Is this a
cooking podcast meal? I think we should try all of these. I don't want to like dominate the
discourse of the podcast and also your schedules outside of the show. But I wonder if on Labor Day
we all make a dessert pasta? I'm running out of half-marathon that day. I will not be cooking.
No, we've got a Corbulo. Yeah, exactly.
You do the same thing. And what better way do you do?
Welcome to Ask Jeff. This is like Ask Gives, but instead of it being like a search engine thing,
it's going to be, you guys ideally in an ideal world telling me real issues of the day of your
lives and I will fix them. This has echoes if I re-you, but that's okay. Like an newest podcast?
Isn't Ask Gives more of like a search engine? Like I'd be like, what's the population of New Jersey
and you would say? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's more specific than advice. I want your
problems and I'm going to fix them entirely. And it might even stretch beyond the scope of the show,
where I'll fix it over the next couple of days. Okay. Like a mirror if you had like a house,
I could fix that. Actually, I haven't had an issue with my shower. One of the showers.
Let's get into that. It's warm at first and then it oscillates between
lukewarm and then back to the hot. Okay. Well, I can come take a look at the water tank.
It's not a tank thing. I think there's like a part within the shower. I forget what somebody said,
but it was like a receiver receiver. Yeah. Not the receiver, but it's not exactly that,
but it sounds yeah. Something in the handle that you just got to be something. It's got to be something
well. Yeah. Yeah. The regular. Yes. Something like that regular. That's right. Really? So you'd
have to look to see which one I have, try to replace it and see if that helps. Well, is it a, I mean,
what kind of shower is it? Right? Is it a, is it a bear? No. Is it, um, you mean the shower head?
In the shape of that bear? Yeah. What? What's the brand? Is it a slipstream? Not sure.
You don't know the brand of your shower? I don't even think. Do you?
Shower's have brands. I have a bear. Are you talking with the shower head?
Yeah. Yeah. Not the shower. What's the brand of your four original 1924? Hardwood. What brand of
shampoo do you have? I actually equally have a company complaint. So I like bougie soaps. I will spend
a lot of money on hand soap shampoo with conditioner and body wash because I like small good
and it'll shave it. Well, I've, I've done the ASAP thing. I've done the Lillabo thing. Both great.
But this time around I was like, these are very expensive. Let me get something still fancy, but not as
expensive. So I got the Flamingo estate shampoo and conditioner double pack, which is this local L.A.
Like brand that's based out of this mansion that like in all their products are made from things from the garden.
So it's like natural, which I didn't know. And so I started using it. I was like, great. This smell is amazing.
The bottle looks nice. I like to have it in my shower and like display it.
The conditioner dries my hair out more than the sun. Oh god. My hair. I have. I've started just
feeling of my roommate stuff. But and there's works great. Like it's like this like biotin and
collagen thing. You're yelling at us. Just fucking relax and have a conversation with us.
Chill. No, I'm saying argue. I know what you're saying. It's so combative. We're not saying anything
and you're raising your voice. But what I'm going to do, I just cited is empty out the Flamingo estate
bottle is replace it with my own purple biotin and collagen condition. I'm there.
So I can ride the inner. Yeah. Oh, I'm having a volume as hair. Voluminous hair.
You caused this. You're me. I'm sorry. No, no, no, no. You're giving me a sea section. I think what what is your own
biotin conditioner? Are you making your own conditioner? No, I'm not sure. What are you putting in it?
I'm going to go to Walgreens, right, aid, whatever. Buy the cheap stuff. Put it in the bottle that looks
nice. That's less exciting. I thought you were going to like, man. It's an egg. This is going
to completely different directions. Yeah. Let's go to the point where I'm putting all the
oil in my hair. Yeah. You should do smiley seed oil, I think. Oh, I hope a oil,
Oregon oil, Moroccan oil. Don't give me started on hair oils.
Better started. Does anybody else have any problems of the day that I can kind of fix?
By the way, hours ask very lightly because I brought up the shower thing and he spoke about
conditioner for four minutes straight. Yeah, he's scared. I mean, can you fix this problem that
we're having where all of the containers that we ordered for the New York office are never going
to arrive? I have broken down moving boxes from the Home Depot. I could ship to you guys.
No, that's probably going to do opposite. What we want. So that's not helping.
Yeah. What do you also do? It's not my fault that you're like not open to change. What's that?
Where do you shop for home goods? Like for furniture or like neck nap. If you were, if you were
going to buy a bunch of containers to put stuff in, what is that egg? What vibe are you going for?
I like to buy a second hand because I care about the earth. It's cheaper and you can get it
immediately and you don't deal with these delivery issues. So I would say, oh, immediately. Yeah,
you can go on offer up and be like, this thing's five miles away. I can go pick it up right now.
What have you done with recently? Not in New York. You can. That's true because you don't have a car.
I did that with this rocking chair that you can barely see. I did that with these, the dining
chairs over there. Two by a rocking chair. So I can fucking go. Max, man, and read a good book.
What are we reading today, Jeff? Oh, that's just because that's not a bad nickname for me because
I my skin tone is that of creamy natural. That's right. What was the question?
I don't know. What are you reading? What book? Oh, I'm still reading electric cool aid
acid test. I've been reading it for like a month and a half solid, but I'm halfway done.
Sorry, I was just. Just thinking about what I'm going to get tonight. English,
anything I can fix in your life? How's your husband? He's good. He's good. He's in a
bunch of meetings. Communication issues. Okay. And when you got, but when conflict does, sorry,
I mean, when when when a conflict does arise, do you guys feel like you can approach it
wanting immediately to sort of understand where the other one's coming from, leaving every argument,
every dispute, understanding the other one a little bit more, understanding each other's dynamic,
each other's needs, knowing you can never really meet someone's needs because we're all,
we're all gotten drag, we're all just presenting who we think we are. What if we use our relationships
as a vehicle for freedom, never asking our partners to be different than they are, loving them
for who they are as now, they appear to be to me to have for you on the day, in a way.
You started this show with we barely know each other and you're not.
I'm not going to apologize for what I'm trying to do.
All I really got from that was God and drag. Yeah. I love that.
There was a really long, I think I'm doing drag race because I've been in a place where I'm missing
wrong, that's. I see. From just talks about God and drag. He says we're all a God and drag.
I see. For all God and drag. And he's sort of famous for that or shut up because that doesn't really mean
anything so it's great that you look up to this guy. Soon we're reed his writing and he says stuff
like that and you're kind of into it. Does that have works?
Yeah.
Haha.
Welcome to September Gladness.
I think we're literally approaching six months away from March Madness.
Not that I'm a college basketball fan, but I just wonder if there's something we could do now.
You know, bracket-wise, turning-wise.
Did you do this Photoshop? It's pretty good.
I did.
Yeah, English, what do you think?
I mean, ooh.
I don't pay attention to basketball, but if you're just talking general brackets, we're going into football season.
But I actually meant for my graphic design standpoint.
Oh, sorry. I thought you were talking about the first question. Yeah, it's pretty good. Good job.
Thank you.
Okay, here we go. This is September Gladness.
I have put together a bracket for honestly lack of a better term of things that bring everyone joy.
And I thought that we could come together and vote, which is why there's five of us, to figure out the ultimate joy of the false.
It's just so coming your eyes out.
I want to be a Jeff thing with Adam and A.O. Lee mentioned.
Yeah, so these are our head-to-head's here. Why don't we start with cold-fresh linen sheets versus finding a new A.O. Lee?
Gotta go sheets, right? The number one seed.
Yeah, agreed. All right, that was easy. Especially because I don't like the way you said finding a new A.O.
Discovering, you know, a fucking, um, what was a sambal A.O. Lee, right? Yeah.
Ammoa. Okay.
Ammoa. What he said.
Right.
Fostoring a cat's insecurities or finishing a page turner.
Yeah, a page turner.
Really? Yeah, the first one doesn't make sense.
Okay.
Ammoa learned to cats.
This one's good for America.
Seeing a Ferrari double-in versus learning of royal family drama.
Absolutely, seeing a Ferrari double-in.
Yeah, I'm going to go with Ferrari double-in.
I don't really care about the rules.
I mean, I love messy drama, but it's fine.
I'm here.
It doesn't fucking matter.
Great.
Okay, drinking a mary or a fresh bouquet adorning the mantle.
bouquet or shunkaking a mary.
I'm going to say drinking a mary.
Yeah.
I'm here.
I'm not an alcohol guy. I saw a go with flowers.
That's a classic 12-over-five.
What an upset.
Ooh.
All right.
Dating someone with A.S. subsopes.
Or honestly, both of these are me.
Or spooning someone with a thick ass.
So?
No.
Yeah, I'm going to go soap.
Wait, so where are we at right now?
Let's go on the line English.
A sub-soper spooning ass.
Oh, go with spooning.
Taylor, you said A sub?
Yeah, so please.
I'll be the typewriter.
I'm going to go with spooning.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Finding cash in your dockers or an acrylic nails back scratch.
Cash.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
I'll go back scratch.
I also would say back scratch, but it doesn't even matter.
Here we go.
Cleaning out your closet or coming your eyes out.
Coming your eyes out.
This is a real thing that happened to my friend, Cecilie.
She's been on a couple of headgun podcasts.
She's a very funny comedian.
I'm sure she would have no problem sharing this photo because she posted it to Instagram.
So what happened there?
She came her eyes out.
She went to a doctor and he was like, yep, you had an orgasm that was so intense that
you burst every blood vessel around your eyes.
Oh, holy shit.
What a cleaning out your closet.
Imagine being the person that does that to somebody.
Every blood vessel and both eyes.
What do we think?
That one.
I mean my god.
Although then you got to go to a doctor.
Yeah, that's why I'm going closet.
I'm cleaning out my closet.
You only live once.
So let's come on in your eyes out.
I also vote that.
All right.
What about that Friday feeling versus sharing good or bad wine with others?
Here's another photo of Cecilie sort of feeling happy on a Friday.
And she wouldn't mind me sharing this.
The last one is her coming her eyes out.
This one is just her smiling.
I'll go with again.
I'm not an alcohol guy.
So I'll go with seven.
Yeah, we'll go with Friday feeling.
We'll Friday.
Same.
All right.
Here we go.
Cold fresh linen sheets versus seeing a Ferrari double win.
Sheets.
Give me sheets.
Yeah.
I'm going to go sheets.
All right.
Same.
Fresh brook.
Adorning the mantle.
Or spooning with someone with a lovely romp.
Round.
Round me.
Guess.
I'll go spooning still.
It wins.
All right.
Finding cash in your doctors are coming your eyes out.
How much cash?
Yeah.
I'll go coming your eyes out.
Well, at most it'd be a hundred.
If it's one dollar.
If it's one bill.
Right.
That's pretty good.
So let's say up to a hundred.
But odds are less.
How many you ever found a hundred dollar bill?
That's a pretty rare.
No.
Then again, I've never came my eyes out.
Well, my thing is, like, how much is coming that hard worth to.
Right.
Keep in mind, you're actually losing money because the copay.
Yeah.
Unless she's already reached her max deductible for the year.
Right.
Also.
And there's that a specialty visit or your general practitioner.
Right.
Yeah.
All good questions.
This is a hundred dollars in my pants seems like a smart move.
Yeah.
Because I got it.
I got it with pants coming your eyes up.
I think I could go either way if we need to push it for.
Well, keep in mind.
This is September gladness.
Okay.
It's nothing.
I just feel like if we if we push forward coming your eyes out.
It's going to win.
You know, I mean, so I feel like no guarantee.
I'm going to, I'm going to say a finding cash.
I'm going to go cash.
I'm going to go with cash because if you get a, if it's a hundred dollars,
you could go to a really nice restaurant and you could come your eyes out from the food being good.
It's true.
Yeah.
Good.
All right.
You could find a new way.
Here we go.
That Friday feeling or finishing a page turner.
Friday.
Friday feeling.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, final four.
Uh, four more sections, though.
Let's go.
Trilolo.
He's not going to be able to stop it.
Let's sit in with a daddy chill.
What I was going to go for was, um,
this.
Final.
Final four.
What is the jicker thing?
Where he's like, the final four.
Oh, yeah.
I'll go with that cheat.
This is a mirror doing a jaken mirror watch.
Oh, yeah.
Cold fresh linen sheets or spooning with someone with.
A Pixar mom level dumpper.
Dumper.
I got to go shoot.
I'm going spooning.
Oh, go with spooning again.
Spooning.
We upset cold fresh linen sheets.
That was the crazy closest for me.
But I'd rather have like.
Normal room temperature.
Week old men and sheets spooning with.
Oh, by the way.
I shouldn't show this.
Speaking of college football.
Look what I saw last night.
What is that?
What is it?
That's the happiest I've ever seen.
If you know, you know.
And I'll leave it at that.
No.
Let's just say he was.
It was a quarterback for USC Jeff's Trojans in like 2000.
No, I know.
I want to say it marks.
Oh, that's Mark Sanchez.
You should have said for the jets.
I had a jets Sanchez jersey.
Um, there you go.
Finding cash in your dockers versus that Friday feeling.
Cash.
Cash in the dockers.
I'm going to go with that Friday feeling.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm here.
There it is again.
That Friday feeling.
All right.
We've made it to the finals.
Some tempered gladness.
Our finalists are spooning with a thick ass lover.
Versus that Friday feeling.
Crazy.
English.
What are we thinking?
I mean, technically you could have both in the same scenario.
That's true.
But we'll go with us for a name.
All right.
One vote for Spooning.
Chayla.
TGIS, baby.
Holy shit.
OTGIS.
TGIS.
No, no.
Friday.
Amir.
Spooning.
Holy shit.
America.
Friday.
This is exactly what I wanted.
It's all up to me.
It's just crazy.
Are you okay?
Should we do a cliffhanger?
Yeah.
We should just continue this next week.
Okay, you know what?
I need to talk this out with you guys.
That Friday feeling.
It's different.
I'll be sure to be sure.
And when it is like.
6 p.m. on a Friday where you have a weekend you're really looking forward to sunny day.
Right.
And you're about to go get drinks or dinner with people.
You're in that there's that there's that butterfly feeling that you just don't get from anything.
Let alone spooning.
But then there's that feeling of waking up with a lover.
Not having anything to do until later that day.
So you can stay in bed if you want or you can go do something.
And you know, it's it's a little cold in the room.
So you're grasping to them.
And when you're arm falls asleep, you know.
That isn't even on Friday.
Oh my god.
Holy moly.
Our winner is.
That Friday feeling.
I wish we was Friday today.
Actually, can I change my answer?
I feel like finishing a page turner.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point to people to head gum related or not?
Social media projects outside of work.
It's the floor is yours.
Let's start with English.
Uh.
I've got a lot of background.
But I'm working on a Halloween coloring.
But I will have available in October.
So.
Guys out on Instagram.
I love Halloween.
It's my favorite Halloween.
What's your Instagram handle English?
Yeah.
Yes.
My Instagram handle for that is English Marie Art.
Yeah.
Pretty easy to find.
Get orange crayons ready.
Yeah.
Um, follow the head gum everywhere.
Follow gum ball everywhere.
And follow me everywhere.
Caleb, I'm already.
Anybody go to therapy.
Oh, I'll back that one to you.
Schmoo.
Gorkt.
Our head gum is first scripted podcast is a laugh riot.
I was listening to episode three.
There's only been three episodes.
So it's very easy to catch up.
But I was L-O-L and cracking up listening to it.
If you like this style of comedy and you made it this far on the episode.
So I know you do.
You should definitely check out.
Quarkt.
Final episode is the week after this episode comes out.
So then you spend it all.
There's only four episodes.
Only four.
And it's really funny.
And it's a murder episode.
So it'll reveal everything.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, Marika.
Um, listen to our formula one.
Yes.
To pit wall.
So the pit wall.
It's in the same feed.
So if you just let this episode end,
it'll start automatically.
Subscribe to the feed.
It's own feed though, because that'll help us see how many people actually care about the show.
Uh, and let us know.
Comment on it.
Review it.
etc.
Um, yeah.
Yes.
And at Jeff Weirty on Twitter,
we are 192 away from 10,000.
Where I, I, I'm starting to get a little nervous about my promise to post.
An actual photo of my ass, but, uh,
I already committed.
So, um,
Give me a follow.
So follow me at Marika alone on Twitter, Instagram, and
Letterbox.
Please.
And we will see you again next week.
Thanks for listening to this episode of The Dragon podcast.
Uh, that's does folks.
Oh, everyone enjoy that Friday feeling.
Yeah.
I like that we were all just watching Jeff's screen.
That we're going to be tiny little boxes.
Shouldn't have done that.
Really shouldn't have done that.
Yeah.
That was a hit dumb original.
You